POKéMON QUARTZ IN YOUR LANGUAGE? O_O'''
------------------------------------------------------------------

Quartz was released in English because it's the language with international
function and I speak it quite well (not perfect, but hey!). But, not
everyone can understand English so good, so maybe they would like to play
Pokémon Quartz in their native languages.

If your native language isn't English, but you understand it, you have
a lot of free time, comon sense and want to do it, you could translate
Pokémon Quartz.
If so, please contact me via MP in forums (I had problems with my email,
y'know, my old e-mail got hacked so if you've added me to it because you
saw it in the betas of the game, maybe (I hope) you got no answer). If
you're really interested in translating it, I will help you, and also the
translation will be in WAH (www.studiopokemon.com/wah) although that web
is in Spanish. Also, the people who speak your language will be able to
play it better (and the hack will be on a webpage which speaks your
language if you want to)

So far I got translators for Spanish, Portuguese and French, although I
have to confirm if they're gonna do it (the spanish one is already
confirmed). So if you speak another language (or one of those, because
maybe they finally don't do it... I dunno) and want to do it, I will be
pleased if you contact me.

If so, I will help you. About the "how to do it" thing, I will teach you
how to do it using an hex editor called thingy. the version I have is in
Spanish, but with a minimun of common sense it shouldn't be so hard. About
the image translation, I will even do them for you and even insert them for
you if you stuck doing those. They aren't hard to insert either.

So you like the idea? Whatcha say?